欢迎你的到来！你可以翻译新的段落，也可以对已完成的翻译提出自己的见解（在原文上修改就可以啦）……
>01 The Language of Music

A painter hangs his or her finished picture on a wall, and everyone can see it. A composer writes a work,
but no one can hear it until it is performed. Professional singers and players have great responsibilities, 
for the composer is utterly dependent on them. A student of music needs as long and as arduous a training
to become a performer as a medical student needs to become a doctor. Most training is concerned with technique, 
for musicians have to have the muscular proficiency of an athlete or a ballet dancer. Singers practice 
breathing every day, as their vocal chords would be inadequate without controlled muscular support. String 
players practice moving the fingers of the left hand up and down, while drawing the bow to and fro with the
right arm -- two entirely different movements.


Singers and instrumentalists have to be able to get every note perfectly in tune. Pianists are spared this 
particular anxiety, for the notes are already there, waiting for them, and it is the piano tuner's responsibility 
to tune the instrument for them. But they have their own difficulties: the hammers that hit the strings have 
to be coaxed not to sound like percussion, and each overlapping tone has to sound clear.


This problem of getting clear texture is one that confronts student conductors: they have to learn to know 
every note of the music and how it should sound, and they have to aim at controlling these sounds with fanatical
but selfless authority.


Technique is of no use unless it is combined with musical knowledge and understanding. Great artists are those 
who are so thoroughly at home in the language of music that they can enjoy performing works written in any century.



>02 Schooling and Education

It is commonly believed in the United States that school is where people go to get an education. Nevertheless, 
it has been said that today children interrupt their education to go to school. The distinction between schooling 
and education implied by this remark is important. Education is much more open-ended and all-inclusive than 
schooling. Education knows no bounds. It can take place anywhere, whether in the shower or in the job, whether in 
a kitchen or on a tractor. It includes both the formal learning that takes place in schools and the whole universe 
of informal learning. The agents of education can range from a revered grandparent to thepeople debating politics 
on the radio, from a child to a distinguished scientist.


Whereas schooling has a certain predictability, education quite often produces surprises. A chance conversation
with a stranger may lead a person to discover how little is known of other religions. People are engaged in education
from infancy on. Education, then, is a very broad, inclusive term. It is a lifelong process, a process that starts 
long before the start of school, and one that should be an integral part of one's entire life.


Schooling, on the other hand, is a specific, formalized process, whose general pattern varies little from one setting 
to the next. Throughout a country, children arrive at school at approximately the same time, take assigned seats, are 
taught by an adult, use similar textbooks, do homework, take exams, and so on. The slices of reality that are to be 
learned, whether they are the alphabet or an understanding of the workings of government, have usually been limited 
by the boundaries of the subject being taught. For example, high school students know that they are not likely to 
find out in their classes the truth about political problems in their communities or what the newest filmmakers are 
experimenting with. There are definite conditions surrounding the formalized process of schooling.


